[singing voice] Aniplex.
[Man] It looks like
foreign nationals
are pulling ashore.
They're in a small cargo ship
at the docks.
Inspector Chiba,
Assistant Inagaki,
head to Cargo Pier Five.
Are you kidding me?
Why are they going there again?
It's hardly the time
to be complaining, Inspector.
[Toshikazu] Yeah, but isn't
it getting annoying?
[Inagaki] Shut up
and keep running!
Uh, 'scuse me,
but I'm your boss.
Well sure,
but I'm still older than you.
[Toshikazu] Ah, geez.
[magical whooshing]
All right, freeze.
We're the police.
[gasps]
[gun cocking]
[magical whooshing]
[gunfire]
[both groaning]
[grunting]
[all shouting]
[both groaning]
Inspector, we've got
to secure the ship.
Yes, I understand that, Inagaki.
So go right ahead, then.
Stop the boat.
Are you kidding me?
If I do that,
I might end up sinking it.
Nothing to worry about.
The captain will take the fall.
[exhales sharply]
[magical whirring]
Hey, nice shot.
[shouts]
[scoffs]
[exhales]
[Man 2] So we struck out?
[bricks clattering]
[Gongjin] Feel free
to change clothes
and go get some rest,
everyone.
I have breakfast waiting inside
for you all.
[Man 3] Thanks a lot,
Mr. Zhou.
We appreciate your hospitality.
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Miyuki] Brother,
can I talk to you for a second?
[Tatsuya] Of course.
No problem.
Is it okay for you
to be down here, though?
What about
the student council meeting?
Didn't the new
administrations term
only just start?
As Vice Chairwoman,
you must be busy, right?
Oh, no.
Don't worry.
Chairwoman Nakajou
certainly does have
her hands full getting
the ball rolling,
but because I'm just
her assistant,
I'm actually not busy at all.
Our secretary Honoka
and our treasurer Isori
don't have much to do either,
so they're helping me out.
And how about you, brother?
What is it that you're
working on this afternoon, huh?
Well, this is a research paper
on the Emerald Tablet.
Oh, so more alchemy?
You sure have been reading
a whole lot of articles
on that subject lately.
What I'm pursuing
isn't knowledge
of alchemy itself.
It's the formula for creating
a philosopher's stone.
You wouldn't be preparing
to attempt substance conversion,
would you?
That'd be foolish.
Don't worry.
I'm not.
[computer beeping]
Uh...
[Tatsuya]
The Philosopher's Stone
is a catalyst in spells
that convert base metals
into precious metals.
Because it's a catalyst rather
than an active
ingredient itself,
that makes it a tool
for activating the process.
It's said that the spell
for transforming base metals
calls for applying the effects
of the Philosopher's Stone
to that metal
and that will result
in precious metals.
If substance conversion magic
can be accomplished
somehow without
the use of any other
arcane processes,
then it's possible that
the Philosopher's Stone
is capable
of storing magic sequences.
Did you say store
magic sequences?
With flying magic now made real,
sustainable nuclear fusion
through gravity control
is now in our sights.
However, there'd be no point
to that if the magician had
to keep on casting the spells
the entire time.
Then they'd be no more
than a component
of the nuclear fusion reactor.
Living weapons become
machine parts.
[groans]
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] To activate it,
the caster is vital,
although at the same time,
the system can't be won
that binds the magician.
I need a way
to stockpile magic sequences
in the long term.
[Miyuki] I see.
So that's why you're brushing up
on the Philosopher's Stone,
then.
Hey, Miyuki.
Didn't you have something
to ask me?
Yes, I do!
Miss Ichihara sent me down here.
She'd like to speak with you.
Word on the street is that
she wants to talk to you about
something regarding next month's
thesis competition.
Where is she?
[Miyuki] Up in
the magic geometry prep room.
[Kazuo] Are you aware that
the Magic Association's
thesis competition
is taking place
at the end of this month?
[Tatsuya] Yes, but only vaguely.
[Kazuo] If the NSC
can be considered
a warrior's contest,
then the thesis competition
compliments it
as a Nine School
writers contest.
I'm going to be frank with you.
Shiba,
will you please do us the honor
of participating
as a member of First
High School's writing team?
Wait a sec.
Why me?
Well, it's simple.
[Kazuo] We were originally going
to have Miss Ichihara
and Mr. Isori here
as well as Miss Hirakawa
of class 3‐C compete for us,
but sadly,
Miss Hirakawa
has become indisposed.
Therefore,
you have been selected
as her potential replacement.
[Tatsuya] Koharu Hirakawa
of 3‐C.
She was the engineer
for the player
who fell in Mirage Bat.
Why choose a first year student,
though?
I don't see how I could qualify.
Aren't all contestants screened
by the internal thesis
selection committee?
You were chosen
because presenting
is a team effort
and you'll be an enormous help.
Miss Ichihara will go into
further detail for you.
Good day.
You're here 'cause
I recommended you, Shiba.
I opposed all the other names
that were brought up.
But I never even submitted
an application, you know.
So for you to pick me out
of the blue seems
rather unwarranted,
if I'm being honest.
Surely that decision won't
go over too well with
the runner up who applied fair
and square, correct?
Sekimoto just wouldn't cut it!
He is simply not suited
for this kind of work.
Hold on.
Sekimoto?
[Tatsuya] Are you referring
to Isao Sekimoto?
Member of
the disciplinary committee?
Listen, Shiba.
He and I were much too far apart
on the direction we want
to go.
In the thesis competition
there's one primary writer
and then two sub‐writers
who split the work between them
to type up the thesis
and build out a presentation.
And this time around,
it's Miss Ichihara
who's been designated
as our primary writer.
I see.
The subject
from Miss Ichihara's report
must be right up my alley.
Is that what you're telling me?
The central premise
I've been thinking about
is the feasibility
of a gravity control type
thermonuclear fusion reactor.
[gasps]
At this point in time,
we only have three weeks left
till the thesis competition.
You're the only one
who could handle jumping in
this late in the game,
considering that you've already
been researching
the same topic.
Also, I believe I'm
a great judge of character.
[scoffs]
Yes, very well.
I'm happy to cooperate.
[Koharu] All right, Shiba.
Then let me give you
an in‐depth run‐down on how
the thesis competition works.
[beeping]
This academic contest
is a venue
for high school students
to showcase their knowledge
of magical theory
and engineering.
The presentations are entered
into the magic index
where they're
occasionally accessed
by universities
and corporations.
This scholarly event
is held every year
on the last Sunday of October.
The venue alternates
between Kyoto and Yokohama.
This year it's at Yokohama
International Convention Center.
Generally speaking,
we may discuss any subject
that interests the three of us.
However, we must submit
our final draft
as well as an outline
of materials
and sequences used
to the Magic Association
in advance.
The deadline's two Sundays
from now.
We'll be submitting everything
to the Kanto branch
of the Magic Association,
but it will be through
the school.
I want to allow extra time
for Mr. Tsuzura
to review our submission.
So we should complete
our first draft
by next Wednesday.
[Mikihiko] Wait, Tatsuya.
You've been picked
for the thesis competition team?
‐ Yes.
‐ Geez, come on.
Seriously?
You don't sound too excited,
Tatsuya.
'Cause in his eyes,
it's just another day
at the office, I guess.
[Mikihiko] Honestly, though,
that's really awesome.
You know, the winning thesis
from the contest
is always written up every year
in "Super Nature."
Actually, it's not uncommon
for second place reports
to appear in academic journals
as well.
Wait, hold on a sec.
You don't have a whole lot
of time left to write it, do ya?
It's due in nine days, roughly,
and then the school
will send it off.
Ah, no way!
You gotta submit the paper
that quickly?
It seems fine to me.
If the topic that Miss Ichihara
had chosen to explore
was something I
was totally unfamiliar with,
you can bet that I would
have refused her.
Oh, yeah?
So what are you writing about?
Technical issues surrounding
a gravity‐controlled‐type
magic sequence
thermal nuclear fusion reactor
and their solutions.
Sounds complex.
Isn't that one
of the three great puzzles
of weight‐type magic theory?
Considering they picked Tatsuya
to join them,
I just assumed it
was going to be
a CAD programming‐related
dissertation.
Yeah, that would have been
my guess also.
[Erika] Well, Kei Isori is on
the team, too,
and with a topic like that,
I'm sure you three
can put together something
that's a slam dunk for victory.
[exhales]
[exhales[
[Sayuri] Welcome home.
I see you two
are as chummy as ever.
It's been quite a while since
you last paid us a visit,
Miss Sayuri.
Yes, I suppose that's true.
You can't beat the commute,
if you live close to the office.
Trust me.
I understand.
Well, I think I'll go
get started on dinner
for us right away.
I'm sure you're as hungry
as I am.
What would you like
to eat tonight?
Anything you'd like
to make is fine by me.
There's no hurry so go
and get changed.
[Miyuki] As you wish.
Do you have any particular
request in mind
as to my change of attire?
Please, no need to be shy.
Whatever it is you want,
I'd be more than happy
to wear it for you.
[Tatsuya] Miyuki, you're getting
too carried away.
[giggles]
[grunts]
[door closes]
All right,
you've got something to say,
so let's hear it.
I do indeed,
but you two have made it
quite obvious
that you both still resent me.
Miyuki does,
that's true.
After all, our dad remarried
six months after our mom died.
Who could blame her
if there's still
a sense of resentment there
in her heart?
She may look mature
but she's only 15 years old,
remember?
And what about you?
I'm not capable of feeling
that type of emotion.
So I'll ask again,
stepmother,
to what do I owe this pleasure?
Fine.
I can cut to the chase, then.
I want your help.
Come back to the head office
at the research lab.
Drop out of high school as well,
if it's possible.
That isn't possible.
As long as Miyuki's attending
First High,
I, too, must attend
or I can't fulfill my duties
as my sister's guardian.
You know as well as I do
that if you hadn't gone
to high school
then another guardian
would have been appointed.
Really?
Magicians are in short supply
in every industry.
Even the Yotsubas would have
a hard time finding
a replacement.
Do you truly believe
there's nobody who's
a better bodyguard than you?
If it's just Miyuki's protection
we're discussing, yes, I do.
[exhales]
Simply put, Four Leaves Tech
can't afford to keep such
a talented staff member like you
on the bench.
I wouldn't say that I've
been idling on the sidelines.
Just the other day
I heard you received
a significant order
for flying devices
from the USNA's navy,
didn't you?
[Tatsuya] That alone
should equal 20%
of your profits
from last quarter.
[Sayuri] Fair enough,
but at the very least,
could you come
to the head office
and help us analyze this sample?
That's a relic
of the Nino Magatama, correct?
[Tatsuya] Where
was this unearthed?
[grunts]
Understood.
So the SDF is involved, then.
You want me to analyze it yet
I suspect the end goal you have
in mind is to replicate
this Magatama.
Well, I...
[exhales]
Why proceed so recklessly?
[Tatsuya] Even for o‐parts,
they're extremely difficult
to synthesize
through modern technology.
Our company got this job
at the strong behest
of the self defense force.
We can't possibly refuse
their request.
Even so, the SDF should
be well aware
it's virtually impossible
to recreate
out‐of‐place artifacts.
Especially relics.
Why invest in such a pipe dream?
I'm told the Nino Magatama
has the ability
to store magic sequences.
A bold claim.
Is that a proven fact?
It's still just hypothetical.
Although we produced
sufficiently promising data.
If true,
then the military
can't ignore that.
Now it makes sense.
Still, considering the current
physical state of FLT,
there can't be any need
to risk taking
a bullet for someone else,
can there?
We've already rolled
the dice on this.
[Tatsuya] Without any chance
of winning?
We do have a chance.
With your hidden ability,
we'll be able to analyze it.
[chuckles]
Even if we use my magic,
no guarantee
we can duplicate it.
But if you positively insist,
then please send the sample over
to R&D division three.
[Sayuri] Division three?
Again?
[Tatsuya] Or would you rather
just leave it here with me?
Absolutely not!
[door opens and closes]
Hey, Miyuki.
[gasps]
[whimpering]
I'm heading out for a bit.
I want you to lock up
and wait for me here.
You got it?
What's wrong?
[gasps]
It seems my boss
could use assistance
with risk management.
[exciting electronic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[tires squealing]
[banging]
[all grunting]
[grunts]
[tires squealing]
[both grunting]
[grunting]
[magical beeping]
[man grunts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Dammit!
Cast Jamming doesn't work?
I didn't expect this dude
to show up!
[both shouting]
[gasps]
[gunshot]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[magical whirring]
[grunts]
[chuckles quietly]
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] I guess it's safe
to say that I lucked out.
[shouts]
[rumbling]
[Tatsuya] That's how it
happened.
[Harunobu] Well, don't worry
about the street cameras, then.
We've already taken care
of those.
Thank you very much,
Major Kazama, sir.
[Harunobu] I have to say,
that sniper sure
was a reckless one.
It may not have been
the heart of the city,
but to fire a rifle
within city limits...
[Tatsuya] I can't deny
that I let my guard down,
but his skills were terrifying.
And he didn't use any magic.
Is that correct?
There's no doubt about it.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Harunobu] Hmm.
At night with just
an optical scope
successfully sniping
from 1,000 meters away?
There are few organizations
on Earth
that can acquire a marksman,
especially one that skilled.
It might be easier
than we thought
to pinpoint who the enemy is.
Keep me posted.
[gasps]
[giggles]
Hmm?
Just a moment.
A new incoming report.
[beeps]
Vehicle's been located.
We'll look into the sniper
right after
we've investigated this.
All right with you?
Of course, sir.
[plates rattling]
Mm?
What a nice apron.
[Miyuki] Oh, so you noticed.
Mizuki told me she was going
to buy a new apron
so I tagged along to the mall
and bought one with her,
but, um, does it look funny
to you?
No, you look very lovely in it.
In fact, I secretly want
to display you
in a glass case only for me.
Um, brother?
No offense,
but that was a rather
bizarre comment to make.
[Miyuki] By the way,
what did that woman want
with you earlier?
Oh, it was par for the course.
She needs my help at work.
Although this time
the job intrigues me.
Does that mean you're accepting
her offer?
With it being what it is,
I just can't ignore it.
Plus I do have the sample
in my keeping.
[Miyuki] And is that the sample?
The one that might have
the ability
to store magic sequences?
Yes.
It's a Nino Magatama‐class
relic.
But how on Earth did
she get such a thing?
From the military,
and they wish for us
to replicate it.
How would that be possible?
I'm sure even our military knows
it's an outlandish objective.
However,
if a relic really does have
the capability
to store magic sequences,
it'd be more than worth it
to take on the challenge.
What do you mean?
Well, if we can duplicate it,
soldiers without magic could
be sent magical weapons
they can wield.
[Tatsuya] With this system
in place,
a massive deployment
of magical weapons
which can activate
powerful spells
would become possible.
No way.
It's true.
Yet I have no interest
in that endeavor.
Merely because they can store
a magic sequence doesn't mean
they're magicians.
Still, the storing
of magic sequences
is indispensable
for activating
spells mechanically.
If this artifact truly holds
that potential,
then I want to unravel
the secrets
of its inner workings.
[exhales]
If anyone can,
it's you, brother.
[Xiangshan] Tell me what's
going on.
[Man 4] We've successfully
infiltrated
the Yokohama Magicians
Association.
We'll carry on with our task.
We've succeeded in securing
an on‐sight collaborator
and will be taking
the next step shortly.
As for the attempt
to steal the relic,
looks like it failed.
[Xiangshan] Were you able
to confirm the relic's ability
to store magic sequences?
No, that's something we
can only determine
if we get our hands on it.
[Xiangshan] If these rumors
about
the Nino Magatama are true,
and we can manage
to snatch it away from Japan,
the Great Asian Alliance's
magical combat power
will skyrocket.
Ensure that we obtain
the relic no matter what.
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪